# Team Meeting on 01/19/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/01/19/04:10

## Meeting End Time

2021/01/19/04:50

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was to regroup after break, come up with a new weekly meeting time, and to discuss our iteration 3 goals.

- Nobody was required to do any work, so anybody who did was asked to present their progress.
- First, Casey walked us through some of the progress he made on our project.
  - Casey created and modified various API's in the Betterflye repository for our app to use. These API's are not completely finished, but they are almost done. They include checking a user in and out of an initiative.
- Next, Jacob showed his progress on the app.
  - Jacob moved the QR scanning functionality into the initiative page, allowing for checking in by QR code scanning to be accomplished by someone later.
  - Jacob pointed out a change he could do before that pull request is merged. He will remove an unused page and clean up some text.
- Next, the group discussed what times we should meet each week with all the new schedules. We decided for now, we will meet at 4:00pm on Tuesdays and Thursdays. 
- We tried to find a time for this meeting when everybody was available, but sadly Riley could not make it because he was busy at work. We messaged him during and after the meeting so we still received his input.
- Finally, everybody chose a task to work on for iteration 3.

## Things Clarified

- Everybody should start working on their assigned task in the next couple of days.
- We should try to come up with a few sentences that describe a real functionality that our iteration 3 will provide the user.