# Team Meeting on 01/26/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/01/26/05:30

## Meeting End Time

2021/01/26/06:10

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This was our Tuesday standup, where we showed any progress made and discussed future plans for the project.

- First, Clay presented his progress to the team.
  - Clay has begun work on the initiative shift page. He showed the team what that looks like right now, and explained that he will continue working on this.
- Next, Jacob explained his progress.
  - Jacob has successfully updated the getInits API call to only retrieve initiatives that the logged in user manages. However, he showed the team one little problem he has. When you first open that page and the API is called, that page shows the text saying no initiatives found. After the API call returns and the list is displayed, this no longer shows up. The team explained they would like this to be fixed somehow, so he will try to fix that soon.
- Next, Matt showed his progress to the team.
  - Matt has created a basic user profile page view, but is worried about how it will communicate with the state. The team explained he does not need to worry about that too much, but Jacob and Matt will work together on the state to try to work it out together.
- Next, Riley explained his situation to the team.
  - Riley has been so busy at his jobs that the team did not require him to work on anything yet. He explained his situation and we all knew about his schedule, but he did volunteer to work on the initiative shift view and state with Clay to get back into the project.
- Finally, Casey explained his situation to the team.
  - Casey did a lot of API work recently, so he has not yet picked up another task to work on. Casey has done so much work for this project, so the team is more than okay with this. Casey volunteered to help anybody out on their task if they need it.


- After we finished our standup, we next discussed what time would be good for us to meet with our mentor this week. We chose 5:00pm on Friday to meet with Tim.
- Finally, we all chose some new tasks to work on after we finish our current ones.

## Things Clarified

- We need to continue working on our iteration 3 items.
- We want to meet with Tim, our mentor, on Friday at 5:00.
- Jacob and Matt will work together on the user profile state sometime tomorrow after 6pm.
- Clay and Riley will work together on the initiative shift view and state.