# Team Meeting on 01/21/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/01/21/04:05

## Meeting End Time

2021/01/21/04:33

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This was our Thursday standup so we could update the team on any progress we made, along with helping each other if we need it.

- First, we went around and asked everybody on their progress.
  - Clay has not yet been able to start on his task, though he plans to work on it tonight.
  - Jacob has worked on changing the app to only retrieve initiatives created or managed by the signed-in user. He believes he is calling the API correctly, but something is going wrong with Flutter currently. Casey offered to help him if he wants to sometime.
  - Matt has not yet been able to start on his task, but he also plans to work on it soon.
  - Casey first showed us his pull request which he created today. This one makes sure the user allows camera permission to the app, and if not points them to their device settings to allow access.
- After everybody gave their progress, Casey showed the team a new package we may want to use for QR scanning because the current one uses some deprecated features.
- Next, Casey demonstrated his pull request for us to see, which the team agreed looked great.
- Finally, Casey explained to us how Tim has fixed the error with the check in/out API, so we should be able to use those in our app now.
- Riley also could not make it to this meeting because his work schedule was so busy, though he told us this earlier this week.

## Things Clarified

- We need to continue working or start working on our tasks for iteration 3.
- Someone could reach out to Riley to ask him which task he would like to do.