# Team Meeting on 02/05/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/02/05/06:45

## Meeting End Time

2021/02/05/07:30

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was directly after our client meeting, where we discussed the feedback and finalized our fourth iteration features into cards on our Kanban board.

- After getting further clarification from our client, these are the fourth iteration features we chose.
  - Modify the check in logic.
    - Change logic to look for the first shift within one hour of starting. Currently it returns the first shift found.
  - In the initiative shift page, modify each shift to allow for checking in by tapping.
  - Create a self check-in/out page.
    - A user can scan an initiatives QR code to check in or out.
  - Modify the profile page to pull volunteer hours from the contributions table.
  - Automatically check a user out of their shift at the end time of the shift if the user forgot to check out.
    - This task requires some research and a design discussion about how to best implement this.
    - (Server side or client side?)
  - As we created each item, we also added an estimate of how long we think it would take to complete.
- After we finished creating issues for our iteration 4 features, we chose the best time to present our iteration 3.
  - We chose Tuesday at 4:30.
- Next, we looked ahead at all the assignments due Monday for this iteration, and we made sure somebody was planning on submitting each one.
  - Casey will do the software releases and submission.
  - Jacob will submit the client and mentor meetings, along with the documentation.
  - Matt will create and submit the presentation.

## Things Clarified

- We need to prepare for our presentation on Tuesday at 4:30pm.
- We need to start thinking about which iteration four features we want to work on first.
- We need to submit all of our iteration 3 assignments before Monday at midnight.