# Team Meeting on 02/09/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/02/09/04:55

## Meeting End Time

2021/02/09/05:35

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was a group retrospection, and so we all could choose a task to work on.

- First, we did a group retrospection. We created four categories (good, bad, start, stop) for us to say how we want to change or remain going forward.
  - The team agreed we thought these were good.
    - Team communication
    - Pair programming
    - The overall quality of our end product in iteration 3
  - The team thought these were bad.
    - Some thought they didn't communicate quick enough if they were having struggles.
    - Some though we started off too slow, forcing us to crunch the last week.
  - The team thought we should start doing these.
    - More pair programming
    - Create "time limits" for tasks, meaning if someone feels they will not finish their task by the estimated time, they should come to the team for help.
    - Socialize more outside of team meetings to help build team communication and bond.
  - The team thought we should stop doing these.
    - We should stop going off topic in meetings.
- Next, we each chose a task to work on for this iteration.
  - Matt will modify the check-in logic.
  - Riley will modify how contributions are pulled from the API in the profile page.
  - Jacob will create the self check-in page.
  - Clay will create the option to check someone in or out by tapping.
  - Casey will research and create a demo for how our app will run background processes in order to automatically check out a user if they forgot to check out of their initiative shift.

## Things Clarified

- We need to start working on our tasks that we chose.
- We all need to complete the self and peer evaluations.