# Team Meeting on 02/02/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/02/02/05:15

## Meeting End Time

2021/02/02/05:38

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This was our Tuesday standup, where we showed any progress made and discussed future plans for the project.


- First, Casey showed the team that he has finished the checking in and out of initiatives. He demonstrated this to the team, and explained how he just needs to write the tests now.
  - He explained he plans to have these changes in a pull request by Thursday.
- Next, Jacob and Matt demonstrated their profile page again, and also explained how they have just finished writing their tests.
  - The team then evaluated, approved, and merged their pull request.
- Finally, Clay and Riley explained how they previously finished their initiative shift page, which the team already previously approved and merged.
- This meeting now meant that we have finished our functionality goals for this iteration, so between now and our mentor and client meetings, we should all focus on a page to try and approve the UI or clean the code.
  - We all either chose a specific page to try and improve, or just said we will look anywhere to try and find minor improvements.
- Finally, we discussed what time and date we would like to have our client and mentor meetings.
  - The team agreed that to give enough time for us all to find improvements and to finish writing tests, we will meet Friday starting at 6:00pm, first with our mentor then our client.

## Things Clarified

- We need to focus on trying to find visual improvements in our app.
- We will meet with our mentor at 6:00pm on Friday, and with our client at 6:15pm on Friday.