# Team Meeting on 02/16/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/02/16/05:30

## Meeting End Time

2021/02/16/05:47

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This was our Tuesday standup, where we showed any progress made and discussed future plans for the project.

- First, Matt explained his progress.
  - Matt has been preparing for his task. He was looking into it, but got stuck finding which methods needed changing. We explained where he needs to do his work, and he said he will complete this soon.
- Next, Clay explained his progress.
  - Clay has finished his task. He has gotten it into a pull request and is waiting for the team to approve and merge it.
- Next, Jacob explained his progress.
  - Jacob has mostly finished his task. He has completed writing tests and the view, but the state needs some correcting. He will work with Casey and correct this and get it into a pull request soon.
- Next, Riley explained his progress.
  - Riley's task involves working with our mentor, Tim, so Riley said he now has the time to set up a meeting with Tim so he can finish his task.
- Finally, Casey explained his progress.
  - Casey's task was to experiment and research how we will implement a background process. As part of this process, he has been working with using notifications in Flutter, which he demonstrated to the team.
  - Next, Casey explained how the route we will likely go down is to have a service running in the cloud to automatically check out the still checked-in user. He has not decided for sure yet, but he has made progress in his research and plans to continue looking into it.

## Things Clarified

- We need to continue working on our tasks.
- We decided to have a soft code cutoff on February 23, so we need to try and finish by then.