# Team Meeting on 02/18/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/02/18/05:20

## Meeting End Time

2021/02/18/05:46

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This was our Thursday standup, where we showed any progress made and discussed future plans for the project.

- First, Clay explained his progress.
  - Clay has finished his task of allowing for check in by tapping instead of QR scanning. He walked the team through his changes made, and then we approved and merged his pull request.
- Next, Jacob explained his progress.
  - Jacob has also finished his task of creating a self check in page. He also walked the team through his changes and the team approved and merged his pull request.
- Next, Matt explained his progress.
  - Matt also finished his task of selecting the closest shift when checking in. The team approved and merged this pull request as well.
- Next, Riley explained his progress.
  - Riley had his meeting with Tim, where they worked together to modify the API endpoint to retrieve the data that we need. This was in the main Betterflye repository, so this change is already implemented in our app.
- Next, Casey explained his progress.
  - Casey has implemented a new QR code scanner which allows for more customization in our app. He also has added an initiative QR code to the initiative shift page, allowing for users to self check in. Also, the team agreed that we will start making the switch from Provider to Get for state management
  - Casey said he will talk with Tim sometime about possibly using AWS to run the auto-check-out service for our app.

After we merged everybody's pull requests and finished discussing our progress, we created a few more tasks to complete for this iteration.

## Things Clarified

- We need to finish our new tasks before Tuesday, as that is our code cut off.
- We need to be quicker on approving and merging pull requests when they are sent to the team.