# Team Meeting on 02/11/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/02/11/05:23

## Meeting End Time

2021/02/11/05:50

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This was our Thursday standup, where we showed any progress made and discussed future plans for the project.


- First, Clay explained his progress.
  - Clay has added some functionality to the initiative shift cards, which is big progress, though he needs to change which method is called. He is very close to being done, and hopes to finish soon.
- Next, Jacob showed his progress.
  - Jacob showed the team that he has not made much progress, but he has started on his task. His task involves adding his new page to the bottom navigation bar, but when he did that that bar changed. He found a way to fix this, but this hindered him from further progress on his task.
- Next, Matt explained his progres.
  - Matt has not yet had the time to start his task, though he plans on starting soon.
- Next, Riley explained his progress.
  - Riley has been very busy with his work recently, so he has not had the time to start his task yet either.
- Finally, Casey explained his progress.
  - Casey has been doing a lot of research. His original case was to research how we will do background processes, but he instead found other beneficial things for our app.
  - First of all, Casey observed that the current package we are using to scan QR codes is a little slow, and his phone started to heat up after long use. Due to this, he found a newer, more customizable package that gives us more control over scanning, and runs much smoother.
    - The team agreed this change was very beneficial, and should be used in the future.
  - Next, Casey also found a replacement to our Provider package. Provider has a lot of boilerplate code and is kind of confusing at first, and he found another package called Get which looks much cleaner and gives us more control over how we would use it.
    - The team agreed this one also looks more beneficial than Provider, so we agreed this change should be used as well.

## Things Clarified

- We need to continue or start working on our chosen tasks.