# Team Meeting on 03/04/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/03/04/05:29

## Meeting End Time

2021/03/04/06:35

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our Thursday standup where we showed any progress made. We also used this meeting as a retrospection and to prepare to submit all of our iteration 4 items.

- First, we did a team retrospection to review our team.
  - This is what the team found as good.
    - We worked efficiently and finished ahead of schedule.
    - Our client and mentor were very pleased with our progress.
    - If anybody needed help with a task, they asked for help in an efficient manner and did not hold the team back.
    - We seamlessly upgraded to Flutter 2.0, which just released this March.
  - This is what the team found as bad.
    - We came up with one last-minute task, and Riley ended up doing it, even though he was one of our busiest members this iteration. We wish somebody else had taken it up to do it.
    - There was some work where we lost track of due dates, and we had to kind of scramble to submit on time.
    - Other than this, we had no real complaints.
  - This is what the team thought we should start doing.
    - When you finish a task and have free time, try to find a research case or refactoring item to do instead of doing nothing.
    - We could start doing some quality assurance work to try and catch bugs and ensure correct functionality.
  - This is what the team thought needed to be stopped.
    - We found nothing that the team needs to stop doing.
- After this retrospection, we signed up for our Iteration Day presentation.
  - We chose Tuesday, March 9 at 5:30pm.
- Next, we created the fifth iteration features in our team Kanban board.
  - We created each item and assigned a time-estimate for each task.
- Finally, we discussed and made sure somebody was going to submit every assignment.
  - Casey will release our software and submit that. Jacob will submit the documentation. Clay will start work on the presentation itself this weekend.

## Things Clarified

- We can now start working on our tasks for next iteration.
- We will have our iteration 4 presentation on Tuesday, March 9 at 5:30.