# Team Meeting on 03/09/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/03/09/05:30

## Meeting End Time

2021/03/09/05:40

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our Thursday standup, where we showed any progress made and discussed any issues about the project.

- First, the group asked if anybody had started working on their tasks yet, and to present their work if they have.
- Jacob presented his progress.
  - Jacob has worked on his task of moving the profile page to the drawer. He has finished this, but is still finishing up the design. He also upgraded to a newer version of the Get package compatible with Flutter 2.0. He also added a few more tests to boost coverage.
  - Casey and Matt will work together and pair program on their task soon.
- Finally, the team discussed when we should achieve for a code cutoff. We agreed April 2 sounds like a good code cutoff date.

## Things Clarified

- We need to continue working on our chosen tasks.
- We should try to finish this iteration by April 2, leaving plenty of time for last minute fixes or improvements.