# Team Meeting on 03/16/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/03/16/05:32

## Meeting End Time

2021/03/16/05:47

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our Tuesday standup, where we showed any progress made and discussed any issues about the project.

- First, Riley shared his progress.
  - Riley has been really busy, so he has not been able to make substantial progress yet, but plans to start soon.
- Next, Clay shared his progress.
  - Clay has been creating a new model with only the needed information for the QR code. He is almost finished with this.
  - Casey suggested maybe instead of a new model, he could just make a method within the previous model that returns the information he needs. Either way, the choice is up to Clay.
- Next, Jacob shared his progress.
  - Jacob has started restyling the buttons in the app. He has got a couple pages done, but noted how there are two types of buttons that he might use, and wanted input on which ones to use.
  - The team agreed that the ElevatedButton looked better, so Jacob will use those.
  - The team also mentioned to make sure whichever one he uses, to be consistent through the whole app.
- Finally, Casey and Matt presented their progress.
  - Casey and Matt worked together to create the schedule page. They completed their view, and it is already pulling live data, so it is basically finished.
  - They asked about a couple UI ideas, and they will work to clean up the UI a bit before merging their pull request.

- After everybody shared their progress, the team discussed if we are on track or not.
  - After looking up the due dates, we agreed we look like we are on track.

## Things Clarified

- We need to continue working on our chosen tasks.