# Team Meeting on 03/18/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/03/18/05:31

## Meeting End Time

2021/03/18/05:45

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our Thursday standup, where we showed any progress made and discussed any issues about the project.

- First, Clay presented his progress.
  - Clay is very close to finishing his task. He ran into some issues, and just needs a bit more time to finish.
- Next, Jacob presented his progress.
  - Jacob has just finished his task, and gotten it into a pull request. He explained that all of the buttons are now styled as they used to be, and explained how the team can approve and merge it when they have time.
- Next, Matt gave his progress.
  - Matt already finished his task last meeting, so he has not started on anything new yet.
- Finally, Riley gave his progress.
  - Riley is still working on his task. He does not have any progress that he can show us yet. He explained he is still getting used to using the new Get package instead of Provider, so that has hindered his progress some.

## Things Clarified

- We need to continue working on our chosen tasks.
- We will complete the design patterns team assignment next week.