# Team Meeting on 03/25/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/03/25/05:51

## Meeting End Time

2021/03/25/06:14

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our Thursday standup, where we showed any progress made and discussed any issues about the project.

- First, we discussed our mentor's feedback from our mentor meeting.
  - After everything we discussed, there is still nothing feasible for us to do besides minor changes to the app. We discussed which ones we might try to do with our remaining time this iteration.
  - Even if we implement some of these changes, some of the team members are worried our professor might not consider our progress to be sufficient functionality, even though there is nothing feasible for us to do about it.
    - The team agreed we should send a message to our professor and let him know.

- After this discussion, we moved on to our standup.
  - Matt is the only team member who has made additional progress, so he showed that to the team.
    - Matt has added additional padding to the initiative pages and got these into a pull request. However, Casey pointed out the changes might be implemented in a better way. So, for the next couple minutes we discussed this and worked together to find the right solution.
  - Everybody else has either not made progress, or has already finished their tasks and have not had any work to do since our previous meeting.

## Things Clarified

- We should send a message to our professor to explain our worries about his requirements for functionality.
- Somebody can volunteer and start updating our user documentation with our new features.