# Team Meeting on 03/23/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/03/23/05:30

## Meeting End Time

2021/03/23/06:45

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our Tuesday standup, where we showed any progress made and discussed any issues about the project. We also used this meeting to complete the team design patterns assignment.

- First, Riley explained his progress.
  - Riley has fixed the bug allowing registration with just spaces. He will next try to block registration with leading or trailing spaces.
- Next, Matt explained his progress.
  - Matt has added some additional padding to the shift screen. He asked the team if this was enough. The team agreed he should add enough padding to the bottom so that the button does not cover a shift.
- Next, Clay explained his progress.
  - Clay finished his task of making the QR codes look better by encoding less information. Before this meeting he already got it into a pull request, and the team already approved and merged it.
- Next, Jacob explained his progress.
  - Jacob finished his task before the previous meeting, so he has not been working on anything new since.
- Finally, Casey explained his progress.
  - Casey has worked on a couple of items. Casey improved the appearance of the snackbars to make them more readable and attractive. He also updated the initiative shift cards to now display the user's status (checked in, checked out, not checked in, etc.). Casey got these into a pull request the team will need to approve and merge these changes.

- After standup, the team discussed what time and date we should meet with Tim, our mentor, for the mid-iteration mentor meeting.
  - The team agreed that Thursday, March 25 at 5:30pm would be best.

- After this, the team began working on the team design patterns assignment.
  - The team spent some time looking through all the design patterns, and decided that the proxy design pattern could be beneficial for our project.
  - We spent the rest of the meeting working on and completing this assignment.

## Things Clarified

- We need to continue working on our tasks.
- We will meet with Tim on Thursday at 5:30.