# Team Meeting on 03/30/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/03/30/05:30

## Meeting End Time

2021/03/30/06:00

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our Tuesday standup, where we showed any progress made and discussed any issues about the project.

- First, Matt explained his progress.
  - Matt has finished his task of adding the padding to the necessary pages, and he already got these into a pull request which the team approved and merged.
- Next, Riley explained his progress.
  - Riley has finished his task of correcting a slight bug which blocked people with apostrophes in their name from registering. Also, he fixed the problem which allowed people to register with only spaces. He just needs to create a pull request and get the team's approval.
- Next, Jacob explained his progress.
  - Jacob has updated the user documentation.

- This was all the progress the team made. Next, we looked at the information for the student symposium. We realized we have to submit our presentation for the symposium by Friday, so we discussed this.
  - Casey volunteered to record a video that we can use for our presentation.
  - The team agreed that the rest of the details we will work out during our Thursday meeting.
- After this, Riley created his pull request, which the team approved and merged.
- Next, Clay volunteered to try and condense the user QR code, just like he did with the initiative QR code. The team agreed this is optional, so there are no worries if he can't finish it in time.

## Things Clarified

- We need to finish up our tasks and try to finish our code by Friday, April 2, giving us time to try to find bugs or quick fixes.
- During our Thursday team meeting, we will submit all of our student symposium materials.