# Team Meeting on 04/01/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/04/01/05:32

## Meeting End Time

2021/04/01/06:53

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our Thursday standup, where we showed any progress made and discussed any issues about the project. We also used this time to work on our student symposium materials.

- First, Clay discussed his situation.
  - Clay wants to condense the user QR code similar to how we did the initiative QR code.
- Next, Casey discussed his progress.
  - Casey recorded a video that the team will use for our student symposium presentation.

- This was all the progress the team has made since last meeting. Next, we worked on the student symposium exhibit.
  - We went through all the documentation that the symposium provided to us, and we followed these guidelines to create our exhibit.
  - We first linked Casey's YouTube video as that is our primary presentation material.
  - Next, we went through multiple pages filling out data that was required.
  - We had to stop and watch a video for multiple minutes to figure out how to correctly implement the exhibit page.
  - Next, we spent time filling out the page we created and designing it to make it look as best as we can get it.

## Things Clarified

- We need to go through our code and try to find bugs to fix or see if any improvements can be made before we're done.