# Team Meeting on 04/06/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/04/06/05:34

## Meeting End Time

2021/04/06/05:55

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our Tuesday standup, where we showed any progress made and discussed any issues about the project.

- If anybody has made any progress, they shared it now.
  - First, Clay explained his progress.
    - Clay has made some minor changes which removed some information from the user QR code. However, the team feels like the QR code was fine before, so the team agreed we did not need to merge this pull request.
  - Next, Jacob explained his progress.
    - Jacob has created some additional tests for a couple of untested methods in our model classes. The team approved and merged this pull request.

- After this, we discussed when we will meet with our mentor and client.
  - We will meet with our mentor on Thursday at 5:30, and with our client on Thursday at 5:45.
- Next, we discussed that we will submit all of our iteration 5 items on Friday, so we have some time after our meetings to discuss everything.
- Next, Clay volunteered to create the presentation for iteration 5 after our meetings.
- Finally, Casey volunteered to submit our software and other things on Friday.

## Things Clarified

- We will do our mentor and client meetings this Thursday, April 8 at 5:30 and 5:45pm, respectively.