# Team Meeting on 04/08/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/04/08/05:59

## Meeting End Time

2021/04/08/06:08

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our Thursday standup, where we showed any progress made and discussed any issues about the project.

- First, we submitted our documentation.
- Next, we discussed what time we would like to do our iteration 5 presentation.
  - The team agreed on presenting on Tuesday at 4:30pm.
- Next, Casey started creating the releases on both our repositories for the software submission. Then he submitted those.
- Next, we made sure somebody was assigned to submitting the rest of our things.
  - Clay will make the presentation.
  - Jacob will submit the mentor and client meeting notes.
- This concluded our meeting, but the team looked ahead and realized this may be our last official team meeting, so we may or may not meet next week.


## Things Clarified

- We will present our fifth iteration on Tuesday at 4:30.