# Team Meeting on 04/15/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/04/15/05:30

## Meeting End Time

2021/04/15/05:56

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our Thursday team meeting, where we made a video discussing our project work flow while fixing a minor visual bug that our mentor requested.

- First, the team discussed what small issue should we make our video over.
  - The team agreed we could add a dollar sign to the profile page's donation field, as it is a small task and our mentor specifically mentioned this as something we could update.
- Next, we tried to come up with all the points we need to discuss in the video.
- Next, we started recording the video.
  - We created the issue on GitHub issues, and discussed the information we put in those.
    - A description of the task/issue and how long we estimate it will take to complete.
  - We created a new branch for this issue.
  - We fixed the bug.
  - We committed and pushed the changes.
  - We created a pull request from that branch into our develop branch.
  - We discussed what happens when a pull request is made, including all the checks and reviews that must pass in order for it to be merged.
  - The team reviewed the changes, approved them, and then merged the pull request.
  - We closed that branch.
- That was all for the video, so next we looked ahead at the project closure and the capstone showcase.
  - We just looked at the dates to ensure we have time to complete those things.

## Things Clarified

- We need to prepare for both the Capstone showcase and the project closure.