# Team Meeting on 04/22/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/04/22/05:37

## Meeting End Time

2021/04/22/06:22

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our Thursday team meeting, where we discussed our last presentations and the project closure.

- We started out by looking at the closure presentation requirements.
  - We looked through our initial requirement list, and compared it to our app today.
  - We also discussed everybody's opinion on our workflow and process.
    - Everybody was happy with everything the team has done and how we did it.
    - The one thing that the team pointed out was slightly procrastinating in the design and first iteration phases, leaving us to have to work longer hours closer to the due dates.
    - The team also discussed how because we did retrospections every iteration, anything we wanted to change, we changed. So we ended up taking all the steps we wanted to along the way.
  - We asked who was going to make this presentation, and Clay volunteered to create it.
  - Finally, we realized there is no time listed for this presentation that the whole team can make, so we asked our professor if we can do Tuesday at 5:30.
    - Our professor responded, and asked about Wednesday at 5:30, which works for the team.
- Next, we looked at the Capstone Showcase presentation.
  - No team members can make it at 11am on Thursday, except Clay. So, Clay will also create and present our slides at the Capstone Showcase.
- Finally, we talked about the closure meeting with our client.
  - We asked our client to meet on Tuesday at 5:30, which they agreed to.

## Things Clarified

- We will meet with Virginie and Tim on Tuesday at 5:30 for the closure meeting.
- We will present our closure on Wednesday at 5:30.
- Clay will create the presentations for the Capstone Showcase and Closure.
- Clay will present at the Capstone Showcase next Thursday at 11am.