# Team Meeting on 10/28/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/10/28/03:25

## Meeting End Time

2020/10/28/05:20

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Clay, Jacob, Matthew, Riley, Casey

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

- This meeting was to do the "Compare your team with others" assignment.
- We started by watching the presentation from Startup Connection.
  - We agreed this group did a good job in their design, though their business requirements could use some work.
  - We also noticed how different our projects were, specifically in the tech stack.
- Next we watched the Regalia Loan presentation.
  - We agreed that their presentation could have used some work, as could their domain model and business requirements.
  - We noticed this project is kind of similar to ours. Specifically, we have some tech stack similarities (PHP, PHP Storm).
- The last project watched was Rating Project
  - We agreed that their domain model could use more detail. We also said their business requirements should be more broad and focus on the true business goals. We also felt their functional requirements could be more specific.
  - We noticed this project was completely different from ours, mainly due to the tech stack and requirements.
- After watching their videos and coming up with all of our suggestions and comparisons, we tried to find our own mistakes and improvements.
  - We felt we could have spent more time finding a development methodology and researching design pattern of our code in order to get a better idea of the project.
  - We also recalled while we distinguished between Managers and Users in our complete domain model document, we neglected to represent the Manager as a type of user in our UML Diagram.
  - For the future, we decided to put more priority on staying on topic during our team meetings.
  - We will also make sure every team member gets their chance to give their input.
## Things Clarified

- We agreed we will meet again tomorrow so we have more time to answer the assignment questions and discuss Flutter.
