# Team Meeting on 11/04/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/11/04/03:00

## Meeting End Time

2020/11/04/03:20

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

- This was our first real standup meeting.
- We decided we will share our progress, obstacles, and plans.
- This is what we all said:
  - Casey has been working on setting up a development environment using Docker for us to use in the future. He plans to continue working on this for us to use in the future.
  - Matt rewatched the recording of our previous group meeting, and began work on his assigned first iteration feature. He will continue to work on that feature.
  - Riley began working with our sample app Casey created to become more familiar with Flutter. He experimented with text inputs and their functionality, as they relate to his assigned first iteration feature. He plans to add a check box, similar to the Betterflye web app. He plans to look into email validation in the future.
  - Clay also rewatched our previous group meeting recording. He plans to start working on his first iteration feature soon, which is styling a login screen.
  - Jacob has been working on his first iteration feature, which is styling the personalized user QR code page. He plans to continue working on that in the future. He also plans to look into other libraries or API's for generating the unique QR codes.

## Things Clarified

- We will continue having standup meetings 3 times each week.
- We should also come up with an estimate of how much more time we each need to finish our current task for future meetings.
