# Team Meeting on 11/16/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/11/16/02:55

## Meeting End Time

2020/11/16/04:20

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Jacob, Riley, Clay

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

- This was our Monday standup.
- We started by walking through Clay's pull request to resolve merge conflicts.
- Next, Casey shared his progress.
  - Casey has been working on github actions. He has finished the hard part, but now needs to resolve a few syntax errors. He and Clay will work together to finish the login page. Casey will work on the view model using one of the API's, then we can continue. He has also begun the real work on our documentation.
- Jacob shared his progress.
  - Jacob has looked into the scanning qr code page.
- Riley shared his progress.
  - Riley has been working on our updated create account page. He will look next into form validation, such as making sure the password fields match.
- Clay shared his progress.
  - Clay finished his log in page, and is working on some merge conflicts.
- Matt was feeling sick, so he did not attend our meeting call, but he did message us his progress.
  - Matt has been prototyping some future pages.

- After everybody gave their progress, we hung out to ask each other questions and to work.
  - Casey helped Riley with the password validation.
  - Casey set up connecting the log in page to the existing Betterflye log in API, so we all know how to do this in the future.
    - Because Betterflye just launched and is constantly changing, our API key we've been using no longer works. We will need a new one.

## Things Clarified

- In addition to our MWF standup meetings, we also will need to have a meeting on Thursday where we can walk through the documentation and work more on our code.
- Something must have changed within the Betterflye repository as we no longer have a working API key, so we will need to get a new one from Tim.
- We need to try and finish our software by Wednesday, so our Thursday and Friday meetings can be about improvements.