# Team Meeting on 11/18/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/11/18/03:00

## Meeting End Time

2020/11/18/05:45

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Jacob, Riley, Clay, Matt

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

- This was our Wednesday standup, and we were hoping to finish our software today.
- Casey explained his progress first.
  - Casey has finished our login page state and view model using Betterflye's login API. We went through his pull request and merged it.
- Next, Riley explained his progress.
  - Riley has been able to connect to the registration API, but needs to add more tests and some other refactoring.
- Next, Clay explained his progress.
  - Clay has been working on making the QR code unique to the user after they log in, but has not yet completed it because he needs the user ID that is returned from the login page API.
- Next, Matt explained his progress.
  - Matt has been prototyping a profile landing page where the user will be directed after they log in or register. We will use this view in our next iteration.
- Next, Jacob explained his progress.
  - Jacob has not had anything to do for this iteration, so he has been looking into qr code scanning for the next iteration.

- After we all gave our progress, we hung out working on our project.
- Casey explained to all of us a good way to use the API's, along with mocking an http response for testing.
- We helped Riley write more tests for the registration page.

## Things Clarified

- For the next iteration (hopefully), we would like to add a bottom navigation bar.
- When we present this iteration to the client, we need to make sure to ask for any changes in direction or general feedback.
- We will meet again tomorrow (Thursday, Nov. 19) at 3:00 for more code refactoring/general improvements.