# Team Meeting on 11/11/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/11/11/03:00

## Meeting End Time

2020/11/11/04:15

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Jacob, Matt, Riley, Clay

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

- This was our Wednesday standup.
- Casey shared his progress.
  - Casey has been working on multiple research cases, and has completed our automated testing when merging a pull request.
- Jacob shared his progress.
  - Jacob has researched some into the BLoC state management pattern in Flutter, which the group decided not to use.
- Matt shared his progress.
  - Matt has not had an issue to work on, so he is looking into future requirements that he could start work on
- Riley shared his progress.
  - Riley has continued working on his page of the app. He will continue working on that until he finishes it.
- Clay shared his progress.
  - Clay hasn't made progress on his page, but is now able to and will finish it tonight or soon.

- After everybody gave their progress, we walked each other through some of our changes.
  - Riley walked us through his page again and showed us his changes.
  - Casey walked us through what it looks like when merging a pull request, and all of the tests that run and stats you can see in this process.

## Things Clarified

- We will meet with our mentor at 3:30 on Friday for our assignment and to get feedback on our software and documentation.
- Matt said he can prototype some of the screens we want for future iterations.
- Jacob can prototype the screen for scanning qr codes.
- Jacob can also set up a development environment on a Mac so we can test our app on an Apple device