# Team Meeting on 11/25/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/11/25/03:25

## Meeting End Time

2020/11/25/04:40

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was to further discuss and break down our client meeting.

- First, we talked about the iteration 2 features discussed in our client meeting, and added them to our kanban board.
- Casey asked if we felt comfortable with combining UI and logic into one case so one person could be assigned both, but the team expressed they still felt comfortable with them separated into two different cases for now.
- The Betterflye getInits API needs to be modified to retrieve all initiatives where the user is a manager or administrator.
- Next, Casey discussed some bugs that we need to work on this iteration.
  - One bug is the userId is null in the QR code after creating an account.
- Next, we went through each iteration 2 feature on the kanban board and assigned each a time-estimate to see if any need broken down.
  - We each voted on our estimate, and came to an agreement when giving the estimate.
- Finally, we all chose a feature to work on.

## Things Clarified

- After our standup meeting at 3:00 on Monday, we will have a retrospection meeting so everybody can voice their opinions on potential changes moving forward.
- We don't expect anybody to finish or even start their feature over Thanksgiving break, but we can feel free to start work on them if we want.