# Team Meeting on 11/30/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/11/30/03:02

## Meeting End Time

2020/11/30/04:30

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was to do a retrospection, along with preparing for our presentation and doing our standup.

- We started by doing a retrospection of our work so far.
  - We each went through and shared feedback on our progress for what went well, what we learned, what didn't go well, and what we wanted to learn.
- This is a summary of the group's feedback:
  - What went well?
    - Our group did a good job of communication and group attendance. We were also pleased with our client meetings and feedback. We also were happy with our git workflow, as no problems were merged into our master/develop branch.
  - What did you learn?
    - All of us were happy to learn the Flutter basics, such as emulating a phone and separation of logic and view. Also, we learned how to do API requests in Flutter, along with learning a good methodology for git and branching.
  - What didn't go well?
    - Some of us expressed our fear that we may have done too much work, potentially taking work from others. We expressed that they did not really overstep their bounds, but in order to help this in the future, we want to pair program on more problems for others to work problems out. Others had concerns that they could have communicated their struggles more, and that sometimes meetings can get off topic.
  - What did you want to learn?
    - Some of us wished we had learned how to write Flutter Widget tests better. Others expressed that they wanted to get more comfortable with Flutter UI, along with making API requests. We also want to learn how to deploy to iOS and get more experience with Docker.
- At 3:52, we finished this retrospection, then got our presentation and project ready to present.
- We did our presentation, then at 4:18 met back in the Discord to discuss it and do a quick standup.
  - Jacob has started work on the QR code state, and will continue to work on that.
  - Matt has created the view for the bottom navigation bar, and will soon work on testing it and adding functionality.
  - Casey has spent time thinking about ways to improve the app, so he has added research cases for device caching, GraphQL, flutter lifecycle events, maintaining a login state, and finding a safe way to store the API key.
  - We decided we didn't require anybody to do work over Thanksgiving break, so all of this progress was optional.
## Things Clarified

- Casey wants to fix the docker environment in the second iteration.
- In the future, if standup meetings are running too long, it's perfectly fine to leave if you do not need to be there.
- In the future, if you are having troubles, try to pair program more often as a way to solve problems.
- For further understanding of state management, you can read through [this documentation.](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/data-and-backend/state-mgmt)