# Team Meeting on 12/07/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/12/07/03:05

## Meeting End Time

2020/12/07/03:20

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our Monday standup.

- Casey
  - Casey has created a pull request with the changes to Docker environment. He has also fixed some of the Betterflye API issues. He told us not to merge this pull request into the develop branch because it is more for us to use, not for public use.
- Matt 
  - Matt has been working on and completed the bottom navigation bar. We noticed the label stayed the same when we left the page, which would need fixed. We told Matt that this can be fixed later, so we added that case to our backlog.
- Riley
  - Riley has been working on the initiative list view, though he ran into some troubles. Though he has created a list of initiatives, he still needs to first connect to the Betterflye API and get all real initiatives, then add vertical scrolling, and write tests.
- Clay
  - Clay has not had time to start another task yet since he and Jacob completed their last task on Friday.
- Jacob
  - Jacob also has not started another task since completing his previous one on Friday.


## Things Clarified

- We will meet with Tim for our mid-iteration mentor meeting on Wednesday at 3:00.
- Clay and Jacob will pair program again and try to finish the initiative container page by Wednesday.
- We hope to finish our code by Friday, then we can spend Friday and Monday cleaning our project and finishing anything else.