# Team Meeting on 12/09/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/12/09/03:13

## Meeting End Time

2020/12/09/03:45

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our Wednesday standup and to work on our project.

- First, Matt gave his progress.
  - Matt has not yet made any more progress on his task, but he has found one small bug in the app regarding a pop-up snackbar not going away, which Casey showed us how to fix.
- Next, Casey gave his progress.
  - Casey has fixed the Betterflye sandbox API to get all the initiatives the way we need them. He will soon use this API to display live data in the app instead of our current dummy data.
- Next, Clay and Jacob gave their progress.
  - Clay and Jacob have worked together and completed their task of creating an initiative container page, but will need to make it look a little prettier and tweak it to include all the correct content from the live data.
- Finally, Riley gave his progress.
  - Riley has not been able to make any progress since our last meeting.
- After standup, we all hung around to work on the project or help each other work on the project.


## Things Clarified

- We will meet again at our Friday standup, which we also hope to be our code cut-off day, so we all need to try to finish our tasks by Friday.
- We need to start thinking of specifics for our break plans.
- We need to come up with a clearer idea of our iteration 3 features.
