# Team Meeting on 12/04/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/12/04/03:00

## Meeting End Time

2020/12/04/05:00

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our Friday standup, and to do our assignment to compare our team to others for iteration 1.

#### Standup Summary

- Riley
  - Riley has set up more of his class structure, but has had some personal issues stopping him from being able to work. He plans to work on it a lot this weekend.
- Casey
  - Casey is very close to completing the docker environment. there are still some issues that need fixed before it can be officially completed, which he hopes to fix soon.
- Clay and Jacob
  - Clay and Jacob once again worked together to finish the QR code scanning view, state, and tests. They haven't been able to actually write a test for the QR scanning functionality as they don't know of a way to do it, but they did widget test the view. The group agreed they think this is fine this way.
- Matt
  - Matt has just fixed his Flutter issues, and can now continue working on the bottom navigation bar this weekend.

After our standup, we started watching 3 of the other teams' presentations.

#### "Compare Your Iteration 1 Software with Others" Assignment

- First group: Lead Sigma
  - Lead Sigma is creating a way for people to keep track of and communicate with their leads. Right now, anybody who wants to keep track of leads can use it, as it's basically a contact list right now. Our team agreed that they did a really good job on their project. One thing we noticed that could be improved was their UI. Even though they were instructed not to put too much focus on the UI, it was still very basic. Also, this may not be a real issue, but their UI tests took about 50 seconds even though there were only six.
- Second group: AWS Visual
  - AWS Visual is creating a way for AWS users to login to an app and they can view a representation of their load balancers and EC2 instances from their AWS console. Our group agreed they did a pretty good job, though improvements could be made. Casey specifically found some issues in the code, such as:
    - There are unused packages
    - Make the client a member variable this way it is not instantiated every time method is used.
    - Add an interface for EC2 handlers
    - Find a safer way to store their AWS access key and secret key
- Third group: Rating Project
  - Rating Project is creating a way for a company to allow their employees and apprentices to give and receive ratings. Our team agreed they made progress, but had some issues. They needed to write tests, add actual functionality, make better documentation, and make sure their back end is separated from the front end.

After finishing our discussion for this assignment, Clay and Jacob created a pull request of their feature and the team reviewed and merged it.

## Things Clarified

- We need to finish as many tasks as possible this weekend, so we can finish our tasks for this last week of iteration 2.