# Team Meeting on 12/11/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/12/11/03:10

## Meeting End Time

2020/12/11/04:00

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matt, Riley

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting for us to hopefully finish our software and documentation for Iteration 2.

- First, we looked at all the changes in our final pull request made by Casey.
  - Casey has connected to the Betterflye sandbox API to return a list of initiatives. He also made some tweaks to the initiative container view, which the team agreed looked better than the first version made by Jacob and Casey.
- After viewing all of the changes, we approved and merged this pull request.
- Next, we all got the updated application up and running on our devices to make sure everything works.
  - Matt and Clay noticed on their devices they had to go to their phone's settings to manually allow the app camera access, so we added this note to our user documentation.
- Next, we collected some updated screenshots for us to add to our user documentation.
- Finally, we agreed upon meeting our mentor and client on Monday, and to do our presentation on Friday.

## Things Clarified

- We will do our Iteration 2 presentation on Friday at 3:00.
- We will have both our mentor and client meetings on Monday, the mentor meeting being at 3:00, and the client meeting being at 3:15.
- We need to look over our documentation, and edit them if they need improvements or adjustments.
- After our mentor and client meetings on Monday, we will submit all of our Iteration 2 assignments.