# Team Meeting on 9/21/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2:00

## Meeting End Time

3:00

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Casey, Jacob, Riley, Matthew, Clay

## Minute Recorder

Casey

## Topics Discussed

- We need to designate someone to be our client contact. This person will be the facilitator for all communications with the client.
- We need to designate someone to record our meeting minutes.
- We need to generate a few (three or so) possible times that we can all meet with the client.
- We should review the requirements lectures individually (before our meeting).
- We should meet to discuss the format of the meeting we'll have with the client and to brainstorm the types of questions we need to ask.

## Things Clarified

### Potential Client Meeting Times

- Tuesday - 2:00 - 3:00 PM, 3:00 - 4:00 PM
- Wed - 3:00 - 4:00 PM
- Thursday -  2:00 - 3:00 PM, 3:00 - 4:00 PM

### Questions

- What tech stack are we using?
- How many contacts are we going to be having from our client?
- How many people are going to be using it?
- How frequently can we be in contact?
- How often do you want to be updated?
- Single point of contact?
- What is betterflye?
- What's the scope of the project?
  - Do you want a native clone of the app?
  - Do you have APIs for us to use?
- What features are we implementing?
  - What's the prioritization of the above features?
- How much will be front end?
  - Will we have to recreate the features you guys already have implemented?
- How soon would you want a working prototype?
- How quickly do you want the work to be done?
- Constraints?
  - Is there something we need to use?
- Target audience?
  - Use?
  - Uptime?
  - Availability?
- Do you have pre-made assets for us to use?
  - How will we get them?
- Are we limited to using PHPStorm? Could we do .NET if we chose to?
- Will we need to set up our own server?
- What does their development environment look like?
- Potential architecture walkthrough

### Next meeting

We decided that we would have more (better) questions to ask our client if we first tried to create a mobile application. We will meet tomorrow (9-22-2020) afternoon.
