# Client Meeting on 02/05/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/02/05/06:15

## Meeting End Time

2021/02/05/06:35

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Virginie, Tim, Casey, Clay, Matt, Riley, Jacob

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was to present our Iteration 3 software and documentation to our client partner. This is a summary of our discussion.

- First, we walked Virginie through the software.
  - We walked Virginie through the app, focusing on our new functionality.
  - These were the profile page, the app only shows initiatives I own or manage, and users can be checked in or out of an initiative.
  - Virginie was very pleased with our progress. She explained that she thought it was "clean", "intuitive", and how she thinks it looks great. She also added she is excited to show this to Betterflye's clients.
- Next, we walked Virginie through our documentation.
  - We only needed to explain the changes in the User documentation, so we showed the new screenshots and sections of that.
  - We very briefly showed our Deployment and Development documentation again because they weren't changed.
  - Virginie said these still look fine.
- Finally, we discussed our fourth iteration features with Virginie.
  - We planned on doing work on users checking themselves into initiatives for sure, but we wanted more feedback on what else she wants us to work on.
  - Along with that feature, we could also allow an initiatve manager to check a user in or out just by tapping on their shift in the app instead of having to scan their QR code.
  - Virginie also mentioned we could find a way to automatically check a user out of their shift if they forget to.
  - We also could change the check in and out by searching for the initiative closest to the current time, give or take an hour.
  - Virginie also mentioned something that is a low priority, but if we have time we could add a page with the user's schedule.
  - After this discussion, Virignie was pleased with what we plan on working on.

## Things Clarified

- If we ever need clarification or have any questions, Virginie wants us to feel free to set up a meeting with her.