# Client Meeting on 03/02/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/03/02/05:45

## Meeting End Time

2021/03/02/06:15

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Virginie, Tim, Casey, Clay, Matt, Riley, Jacob

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was to present our Iteration 4 software and documentation to our client partner. This is a summary of our discussion.

- The first thing we did was have Virginie use our app. We just asked her to go through the app and try every functionality, and have her say whatever she felt. The following list is her thoughts and comments during her use of the software.
  - Virginie noted that initiatives without shifts do not really look right because it is just an empty shift page, so we might want to do something with that page.
  - We had her use a lot of the check in/out functionality. Once again we pulled up some QR codes for her to scan and try it out.
  - One thing Virginie pointed out is that after scanning a QR code when the message appears, the text seems small.
    - She suggested maybe adding something to the UI giving the user a clearer understanding of exactly what is happening.
    - Due to this, the next iteration we will come up with a schedule page and change the shift page so the user understands the process and their progress more.
- After this, we asked Virginie if she had any specific feedback about anything lacking in our app.
  - She noted that the app is really good and she is pleased, but she did have critiques which she pointed out during her experimentation with the software.
    - The alerts and messages text looked too small.
    - We should add something to the UI letting the user knows about their status with regards to their shifts (are they currently checked in, waiting to be checked in, checked out,...)
    - It would be nice to have a view of all the initiatives and shifts the user has volunteered at.
      - This will be implemented by adding a calendar page next iteration.
    - Currently you can only check in a user by tapping on their shift, but not check out.

- While Virginie was experimenting with the app, Tim was doing some additional bug-finding by testing the limits of our software.
  - Tim tried to scan QR codes as fast as possible to see what happens. This included Betterflye and non-Betterflye QR codes.
    - Tim noted that after roughly 15 scans as fast as possible, the camera stopped working in the app.
    - Casey then did the same thing and could not replicate this error, but we will look into it regardless.
  - Tim additionally found that we currently only allow letters in your name when registering for an account, which means people with apostrophes in their names can't add them.
    - We will also correct this next iteration.
  - He was also able to create an account with just a single space character for the username.

- After this, we discussed our next and final iteration plans
  - We plan to work on as many of these critiques as possible, but we are prioritizing the calendar page, and checking into and out of initiatives that do not have shifts.
  - Virginie said these sound like good plans.

- Finally, we discussed what we could talk about during the Student Symposium.
  - We asked if there was anything they did not want shown.
  - Virginie responsed that since we are not really sharing any code, there shouldn't be anything to worry about.
  - She said there isn't really anything off limits to talk about, and asked us to, if possible, try to add a call to action and encourage people to register and use Betterflye.

## Things Clarified

- If we need more work, talk to Virginie about more potential tasks.
- If we need help with anything or have questions, we can come to Tim or Virginie for help.