# Client Meeting on 04/08/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/04/08/05:45

## Meeting End Time

2021/04/08/05:59

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Virginie, Tim, Casey, Clay, Matt, Riley, Jacob

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was to present our Iteration 5 software and documentation to our client partner. This is a summary of our discussion.

- The first thing we did was have Virginie use our app. We just asked her to go through the app and try every functionality, and have her say whatever she felt. The following list is her thoughts and comments during her use of the software.
  - First, Virginie went through some of the old functionalities and pages again. She noted how she likes the "beautiful QR code". Next, she went through the self-check-in process again. She said this process looks good too.
  - Previously, Virginie requested we redesign the scanning notifications to be more readable, so we asked her what she thought of the new notifications.
    - She said she likes the new result notifications, and thinks they look nice.
  - Next, Virginie looked at the schedule page, which was another page she specifically requested. We explained the new redesigned shift cards on this page as well, and she said she really likes the schedule page, and she thinks "that's great."
  - So, overall Virginie did not point out anything she felt as lacking.

- Next, we asked Virginie about her thoughts on the documentation.
  - She said she thinks the documentation looks good.

## Things Clarified

- As this was our final iteration, Virginie told the team if we wanted to put her as a reference on anything, we should talk to her.