# Client Meeting on 04/27/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/04/27/05:31

## Meeting End Time

2021/04/27/05:46

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Virginie, Tim, Clay, Matt, Riley, Jacob

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was do our project closure, and handoff the repository to our client.

- First, we created the releases in our repositories.
  - Jacob created the SignOff releases in the main and source repositories.
- Next, we asked about how transfer should be done, and then did that.
  - We asked Tim how he would like the transfer to work, which was transferring ownership of the repository.
  - So, Clay went through that process and transferred ownership to Tim.

- After these tasks, that was the official end of the Betterflye Mobile project!

- Virginie and Tim mentioned if we would like to put them as a reference on any applications, just let them know.

- Finally, we had some final discussions and said our goodbyes!
  - Virginie and Tim both mentioned how they were very pleased with our project. She also noted that she never knew if we were stressed or worried about any part of the project, as our team handled it so well.
  - Virginie also mentioned how excited she is to finalize the app and release it to the public.
  - Tim also mentioned a pointer to those of us graduating.
    - Request your transcript soon so you do not have to pay for it.

## Things Clarified

- If we want to add Tim or Virginie as references, go ahead and contact them about that.