# Client Meeting on 10/22/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/10/22/03:25

## Meeting End Time

2020/10/22/03:35

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matthew, Riley, Tim, Virginie

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

*Virginie joined the meeting right after we finished discussing with Tim. Therefore, we were able to quickly walk her through our design and get her feedback on our newly updated items. We made some adjustments that Tim recommended during our mentor meeting, so Virginie was able to see our updated items.*

- First, we discussed our domain model.
  - She agreed that it looked good when we would update it.
- Next, we discussed our use cases.
  - She said we should add "User" to the actor list.
  - She said we could replace the word "volunteer" with the word "user" to make some of our actors more accurate.
- Next, we discussed our business requirements.
  - She said this looked good.
- Next, we discussed the requirements.
  - She agreed that this looked good as well.
- Next we showed our prototype again.
  - She said she thinks it's pretty and that she likes it.
- Next, we showed our tech stack.
  - She said this looked good as well, and said we could use more formal language in some spots.
- Finally, we presented our first iteration features.
  - She agreed this looked good for the first iteration.

Virginie agreed with Tim that, overall, they liked our design materials but we could eliminate some uses of the words "I", "we", "you"... to make our design items more professional.

## Things Clarified

- The client will be at Bracken on Saturday from 9:30-12:30 for us to meet with if we can make it to try out Betterflye and try to find/fix bugs.
- We will need to update some of our documents with more formal language, per Virginie's request.
