# Client Meeting on 11/25/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/11/25/03:00

## Meeting End Time

2020/11/25/03:24

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Virginie, Tim, Casey, Clay, Matt, Riley, Jacob

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was to further discuss the features that the client wants most in our second iteration.
The following bullet points are an overview of Virginie's new requests for iteration 2.
- Focus on initiatives and checking into them.
- For now, assume the users of the app are initiative managers or check-in managers.
- When the user opens the app, they can see a list of all the initiatives that they are managers of.
- When initiative is selected, manager has options to scan a user's qr code to check them in, or print an initiative qr code for user's to scan.
- Not all of these are expected to be completed by second iteration.
- Tim asked how involved we wanted to be with Betterflye's backend working with the app.
  - Our team decided it would be best for us to focus on the app.
- We asked Virginie for any further requests on the app.
  - Virginie expressed in an ideal world, all of Betterflye could be on the app, but realistically managers are most likely to use the app, so focus on manager functionality.
  - Due to this, focus mostly on initiative manager functionality.
- Checking in and validating donations and service are now the priority of the app.
  - Sending appreciations are now low priority for the app.

## Things Clarified

- We can ask Virginie for clarification on requirements if we need to.