# Client Meeting on 12/14/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/12/14/03:17

## Meeting End Time

2020/12/14/03:50

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Virginie, Tim, Casey, Clay, Matt, Riley, Jacob

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was to present our Iteration 2 software and documentation to our client partner. This is a summary of our discussion.

- First, we walked Virginie through our software.
  - We showed Virginie our new features, which are QR code scanning, and displaying Betterflye's initiatives from the sandbox API. We also explained how the API is called when logging in, and the returned initiatives are cached on the user's device, but the user can refresh the list if they want.
  - Virginie said so far the app looks good.
  - Virginie also agreed with Tim's idea that for the next iteration, we could display only the initiatives that the user created or manages.
- Next, we walked Virginie through our user documentation.
  - She said this looks good.
- Next, we explained how there were not many changes to our development and deployment documentation, so we briefly walked through this as well.
  - Virginie said these still look good.
- Finally, we discussed the third iteration features.
  - She said to focus on the app as if it were made for initiative managers. The manager needs to be able to scan a user's QR code and check them in and out of the initiative just by scanning their QR code. The checking in and out functionality is not implemented yet in the website, so these features will also require changes to Betterflye's website. Tim should be able to do most of this work, but some of us can help if we would like.

## Things Clarified

- We aren't required to meet with Virginie again until late January at the end of iteration 3, but Virginie told us to arrange a meeting if we ever need help.