# Mentor Meeting on 01/29/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/01/29/05:00

## Meeting End Time

2021/01/29/05:18

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Tim, Casey, Clay, Matt, Riley, Jacob

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was to get feedback from our mentor on our software, documentation, and fourth iteration features at the mid-iteration checkpoint.

- First, we walked Tim through our software changes.
  - We explained how we moved QR code scanning functionality into the initiative page, changed the app to request camera access when it needs to, and explained the API work that Casey has done. Next, we pulled up the app to demonstrate all of our changes.
  - We showed the new profile page we have made, whose purpose is so the user can track their impact, volunteer hours, and donations. We also showed how the initiative page only shows initiatives that the signed in user owns or manages.
  - Tim explained to us when we actually get to checking in and out of initiatives, we will probably need his help navigating some of the database stuff.
  - Tim's only feedback was that things are looking good.
- Next, we explained the documentation situation to Tim.
  - We explained that we have not updated them yet, but still plan on keeping them clean and up to date with screenshots and descriptions.
  - Tim said our documentation has been fine so far, so to keep it up.
- Finally, we talked about the fourth iteration features.
  - The team explained that as of now, we do not really have a clear idea of what our fourth iteration features are.
  - Tim explained that this is expected, and he told us that when we next meet with our client, we should be ready in case of a change of direction. Tim said Betterflye right now is prioritizing recruiting and working with organizations, so there is a chance that might be our focus for the next iteration.
  - Tim said we should try to stick to our current path, but be ready to embrace some changes if necessary.

Overall, Tim expressed his satisfaction with all of our work so far.

## Things Clarified

- We need to continue working on our tasks.
- We should try to come up with some clear goals for the next iteration.
- We should prepare for a potential change of direction for the fourth iteration.