# Mentor Meeting on 02/05/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/02/05/06:00

## Meeting End Time

2021/02/05/06:15

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Tim, Casey, Clay, Matt, Riley, Jacob

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was to get feedback from our mentor on our software, documentation, and fourth iteration features at the end of iteration 3.

- First, we walked Tim through our application.
  - We showed Tim our profile page and the check-in/out of initiatives functionality.
  - For the initiative functionality, we showed the successful version first, then we showed an unsuccessful version and how the app can handle those errors.
  - Tim said this all looks good so far.
- Next, we walked Tim through our documentation.
  - We only modified the User documentation, so we mostly showed that, but we briefly walked through the others as well.
  - Tim said these all still look good, but there is one screenshot showing what it looks like when scanning a QR code, and Tim mentioned we could update the picture to show the camera hovering over the QR code to make the picture more relevant.
- Finally, we discussed our fourth iteration features.
  - Tim had previously told us that we might be thrown a curveball and be given a change of direction, so we only chose a few ideas for features.
  - We plan on creating the functionality allowing users to check themselves into and out of initiatives.
  - We also plan on updating how we log hours and display it in the profile.
  - Other than this, we were open to suggestions for what is highest priority.
  - Tim said this was a good idea, and that we will need to discuss with Virginie exactly what she wants done next.

## Things Clarified

- When more functionality gets added to the app, we might want to populate our side bar with the lower-level functionality, and leave the bottom navigation bar with the highest level or most important functionality.