# Mentor Meeting on 02/25/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/02/25/05:34

## Meeting End Time

2021/02/25/05:49

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Tim, Casey, Clay, Matt, Riley, Jacob

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was to get feedback from our mentor on our software, documentation, and next iteration features in the middle of iteration 4.

- First, we walked Tim through our application.
  - First, we walked Tim through the new QR scanner which we implemented. We showed this by demonstrating the flows for self check-in/out, and regular check-in/out. We showed all the changes and how these two flows work.
  - Next, we showed Tim how we also implemented initiative QR codes.
  - We also showed how you can also check somebody in or out by tapping on their shift card.
  - This was all of our new functionality, so we asked Tim what he thinks.
  - Tim is very happy with the progress that we have made. He thinks the app looks good and we have made a lot of progress.
- Next, we walked Tim through our updated documentation.
  - Once again, the only documentation that needed changing was our user documentation, so we walked through this.
  - We showed Tim how we added sections for our new functionality, along with new screenshots, and adding links at the top to act as a table of contents.
  - Tim said these still look good as well.
- Finally, we discussed our fifth iteration features.
  - Once again we were not for certain what direction our next iteration will go, so we discussed our current plans that we are willing to change.
  - One thing we thought we could make is a schedule page, where user's can view their volunteering schedule.
  - Another feature we could add is adding the times that check-in and check-out occurred, this way you can see the current status of the shift.
  - Another functionality we could make is finding a way to add the Feed from the Betterflye website into our app.
    - Tim said this would be nice, but would require a lot more work than one iteration, so we might not want to do this one.
    - He said if we wanted to, we could just make a webview in the app to show the feed.

Overall, Tim said he is pleased with all of the progress we made this iteration.

## Things Clarified

- We need to wait to finalize our fifth iteration features until we meet with Virginie so we can get her feedback.