# Mentor Meeting on 03/02/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/03/02/05:30

## Meeting End Time

2021/03/02/05:45

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Tim, Casey, Clay, Matt, Riley, Jacob

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our end of iteration mentor meeting where we discussed our software, documentation, and fifth iteration features.

- The first thing we did was have Tim use our app. We just asked him to go through the app and try every functionality, and have him say whatever he felt. The following list is his thoughts and comments during his use of the software.
  - When he was logging in and backspacing, every time he backspaced it would backspace twice. This might just be something with his device, but we will look into it.
  - Next, he observed his QR code page, and checked out the QR code scanner.
    - Tim noticed that the scanner works VERY efficiently, almost to the point where it works too fast. He said this might just be personal preference, but we might look into seeing if we could add a very slight delay.
  - (We pulled up some QR codes that Tim could scan so he could try out a lot of the functionality.)
  - Next, Tim checked out the profile page. He noted how the data looks accurate and that the page looks nice.
  - Currently, if an initiative has no shifts, the scan button does not do anything when pressed. This is intentional, but Tim noted we might want to change the color of it or do something so the user knows the button won't do anything.
  - On the initiative shift page, each initiative has 3 dots on it, although they do not do anything when tapped, which Tim said could be misleading.
  - On the initiative shift page, even when scrolling the bottom shift was cut off on his phone screen. None of us have experienced this yet, so we need to look into adding additional padding on that page.
  - Currently, there are some HTML tags present in the initiative description. Tim volunteered to correct this by stripping those tags out of the text before they are sent to the app.

- That was all of his comments while he was experimenting with the app, so we next asked him if he had any thoughts about anything lacking in the app.
  - Tim answered that overall, it is nice, but we could implement some of the things he discussed previously:
    - Change scan button's appearance if it shouldn't do anything
    - Some initiative QR codes look very condensed because of how much data is encoded in them, so we could remove some of the data that is not being used.
    - Remove those three dots from initiative cards, or add some meaningful functionality to them when pressed.
  - After giving this feedback, Tim noted that he is overall very pleased with our app. He said it looks good, and "You guys have done a good job."

- Next, we discussed with Tim our documentation.
  - We previously met with Tim last week and showed him our final documentation for this iteration, so we did not cover them in depth here.
  - We glanced at these again, and Tim still thinks these are fine.

- Finally, we discussed our fifth iteration features.
  - These also have not changed much since our last meeting, so we very briefly talked about these again.
  - One big task for the fifth iteration is adding a calendar page so the user can see their past progress and activity.
  - Another one we came up with is allowing for checking into and out of initiatives that do not have pre-determined shifts.
  - Tim thinks this sounds like a good amount of work for the last iteration.

## Things Clarified

- If we need any help with anything, we can ask Tim for help.
- We will finalize all of our fourth iteration assignments and submissions in our Thursday team meeting.