# Mentor Meeting on 03/25/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/03/25/05:30

## Meeting End Time

2021/03/25/05:50

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Tim, Casey, Clay, Matt, Riley, Jacob

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our mid-iteration mentor meeting, so the team could get feedback on the software and documentation.

- First, we walked Tim through our updated software.
  - We explained each new feature we have added, which were a schedule page, updated buttons, updated QR code, fixing bugs in the registration process, and adding additional padding to the initiative pages.
- We asked Tim what he thought of all of our changes, and he said everything new looks good.
- When we asked if there was anything else he thought might need changed, he said on the initiative page when there are no initiatives found, we could show past initiatives the user has volunteered for.
- Tim also mentioned on his phone, when he backspaces in the app, it deletes twice instead of once.
  - We believe this to be some strange error with Flutter, as none of us can replicate this error, but we will look into it regardless.
- Next, we asked if there was anything additional Tim would like added in our final weeks of this iteration.
  - Tim mentioned there is nothing really big functionality-wise, but there are a couple minor things:
    - Change "No initiatives found" text to instead display past initiatives they volunteered for.
    - Look into backspace deleting twice.
    - On schedule page, there is some information within the TRS tables that we could bring in, but this is optional.
    - We asked about the checking-in to initiatives without shifts functionality that we have discussed before, but Tim said this would be a very big task that we should not start because we could not finish it.
- After this, we showed Tim our documentation.
  - We showed Tim our documentation and noted that while we have not changed them yet, we explained exactly what we plan on adding and asked what he would think of this. Specifically, we will add a new section in the User documentation to show the schedule page, and update every screenshot again.
    - Tim said this sounds good.
- Overall, Tim thinks we have done a good job and a sufficient amount of work, as he knows he and Virginie are happy with our progress this iteration. He noted that he thinks Virginie will be very pleased with the schedule page, as this was something she specifically requested be added to the app during our last client meeting.

## Things Clarified

- We will try to implement some of Tim's requests in the app with our remaining time.