# Mentor Meeting on 04/08/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/04/08/05:29

## Meeting End Time

2021/04/08/05:45

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Tim, Casey, Clay, Matt, Riley, Jacob

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was our fifth iteration mentor meeting.

- The first thing we did was have Tim use our app. We just asked him to go through the app and try every new functionality, and have him say whatever he felt. The following list is his thoughts and comments during his use of the software.
  - First, Tim went through some of the old functionality again. He logged in, viewed his QR code page, looked at the initiatives, the initiative shifts, and his profile page.
  - On the profile page, Tim noted that we could add a dollar sign to the donation amount to clarify that it is in dollars.
  - Tim noticed how when you repeatedly try to scan, and multiple scanning results pop-up, Tim noticed how the notifications stack over each other and said "That's neat."
  - Next, Tim looked at the new schedule page, and said he likes it.
  - Finally, we explained all of the other minor cosmetic and quality-of-life changes we implemented this iteration.
    - We explained where we added more padding in the initiative and initiative shift pages, and how we fixed some registration bugs (allowing apostrophes, disallowing spaces).
    - We also asked about his feedback on the new initiative shift card layout. We added more information, which was an additional checkbox, further allowing the user to understand their status (whether they are currently checked in or out).
    - Tim said he likes the new changes.
  - So, overall, the only thing Tim came up with as lacking was adding a dollar sign to the profile page donation amount for clarification.

- Next, we got Tim's feedback on our updated documentation.
  - Specifically, we explained how the only changes were we added new sections to our user documentation, so we showed all of those changes.
  - Tim said the documentation looks good.

## Things Clarified

- When it comes time to handoff the project, Tim said it will likely just be transferring ownership of the repository.