# Mentor Meeting on 10/22/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/10/22/03:00

## Meeting End Time

2020/10/22/03:25

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matthew, Riley, Tim

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

- We started by showing our mentor our business requirements.
   - Initially, he thought our business requirements looked a little lengthy. After explaining that we needed a one paragraph explanation of each requirement, he agreed they looked good.
- Next we showed our mentor our domain model.
  - He told us to get rid of the badges from the domain model as it no longer fits what they are.
  - Badges are not exactly finished in the original Betterflye, but now users do not earn badges anymore, because a badge is like a prize given by earning points in categories.
  - Specific feedback:
    - Initiatives can trigger notifications, delete badge class, add arrow from Initiative to organizationNotification to show that initiatives can trigger notifications.
- Next we went over our use cases.
  - Our mentor said our use cases looked good.
- Next we went over our requirements.
  - Our mentor said our requirements were good.
- Next we showed our prototype again.
  - He said it still looks good and he likes the direction it's going.
- Next we showed our tech stack.
  - He said it looks good, but pointed out we used the words "me", "I", .... He said we could get rid of those to improve our design items.
  - Also, he gave us the option of using the preexisting API he made, or we can make our own.
- Next we showed our first iteration features.
  - He said they look good, but some modifications will need to be made in the future.
    - This is because Betterflye is a work in progress, so some of our requirements will need to be adjusted with their changes.

## Things Clarified

- For the API in our tech stack, we can use Tim's or make our own, which is something we will need to figure out.
