# Mentor Meeting on 11/13/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/11/13/03:30

## Meeting End Time

2020/11/13/04:00

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Casey, Clay, Jacob, Matthew, Riley, Tim

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

- This was our mid-iteration mentor meeting.
- We started by showing him our software.
  - We started on our landing page where you login or signup.
  - Next we showed the Sign Up page.
    - Tim said he likes the look of the page.
  - Next we showed the user QR page, and the forgot password button.
    - We explained the functionality will be finished next week, but we showed him what we had.
  - Overall, Tim said he likes the looks of it, but could use some less whitespace.
- After walking through our software, we explained that our documentation is not formally started yet, but we have been looking into it. We explained what we plan on doing for it and making them look like.
  - First, we discussed the User documentation.
    - Tim said he thinks what we explained sounds good. He added to make sure we avoid typos and to use up-to-date screenshots.
  - Next we discussed our Development documentation.
    - Casey told how we will explain how to use Docker to launch a local version of Betterflye. We also will add links to Flutter's documentation to set up Flutter on Visual Studio Code, as their documentation is very detailed.
    - Tim agreed this sounded good.
  - Finally, we talked about the Deployment documentation.
    - Our deployment will be to the Google Play Store or the Apple App Store. Casey has been researching and has accomplished how to publish the app on the Play store privately so people with links can download it. We need to look into publishing privately on the App Store.
    - We asked if Betterflye would like us to keep the app private until the final iterations, and Tim said that we should keep it private.
- Overall, Tim expressed that the app looks pleasing considering it is a first iteration.
- Tim also explained that he thinks we have a good start on the software and the documentation.
- We asked Tim about our separation of business logic and UI, and he said it looks good and to keep it up.
- We also asked about their preference for how pretty to make the app.
  - Tim explained to put a priority on functionality, but they still want it to look kind of nice.

## Things Clarified

- When application starts needing more functionality, we might need more meetings with mentor.
  - Tim said he would like to have a meeting once a week when we start getting into the more technical stuff.
  - Tim invited us to join the Betterflye meeting if we would ever like.
  - Our team said Wednesday's would be best, and we will need to come up with times other than 3:00.
- For future iterations, we might look into separating text from the app.
  - This is because Betterflye is constantly updating, so terminology frequently changes and they would like to not have to push out an update for app just because wording changed.
- For future iterations, look into the app localisation process (adding multiple languages/translations).
