# Mentor Meeting on 11/23/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/11/23/03:00

## Meeting End Time

2020/11/23/03:26

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Tim, Casey, Clay, Matt, Riley, Jacob

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was to get feedback from our mentor on our first iteration assignments.

- User Documentation Feedback:
  - First, we walked Tim through our user documentation.
  - Tim stated the document looked "about as good as you can get for an app."
- Development Documentation Feedback:
  - Next, we walked Tim through our development documentation.
  - Tim first pointed out a typo we had missed in our "Folder Structure" section, but other than that it looked good.
- Deployment Documentation Feedback:
  - Next, we walked Tim through our deployment documentation.
  - We explained how we do not have a way to deploy for iOS yet because it is much more difficult to do so without an Apple computer, but that we will look into that.
  - Tim stated that overall, the document was simple and looked good.
- Software Feedback:
  - Finally, we walked Tim through all the pages of our app.
  - We showed him the login/sign up processes, along with our built-in error-handling.
  - After logging in, we showed how each QR code is unique to whoever is signed in, and scanning it takes you to that user's profile page.
  - Tim stated that the app is simple and straightforward, and overall looks good and he is happy with the functionality and progress we have made.

## Things Clarified

- We discussed how we will come up with our second iteration features within this week.
- In the future, we should allow apostrophe's in peoples' names for when they create an account.
- As part of our error-handling on acccount registration, we noticed a slight problem in the Betterflye registration API, which either Casey or Tim volunteered to correct.