# Mentor Meeting on 12/09/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/12/09/03:00

## Meeting End Time

2020/12/09/03:13

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Tim, Casey, Clay, Matt, Riley, Jacob

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting our mid-iteration mentor meeting where we got feedback from Tim on our project progress.

- First, we showed Tim our progress on our software.
  - We showed Tim the new QR code scanning feature, along with our initiative list which will display all active initiatives.
  - Tim said our app looks really good. He likes the new bottom navigation bar, and he thinks we were able to accomplish quite a lot considering this is a shorter iteration.
- Next, we discussed our break plans.
  - Tim explained that he does not expect us to accomplish anything project-related over break.
  - We agreed that we are not expecting anyone to make real project progress, but that we can work on things if we like.
- Next, we looked at the development documentation.
  - We explained that this is unlikely to change with this iteration, but we walked through it anyway and Tim said it looks good.
- Next, we looked at the deployment documentation.
  - We explained that this also is unlikely to be changed in this iteration, but Tim also said this should be fine as well.
- Next, we looked at the user documentation.
  - We explained how we plan to add screenshots and update it with our new features. Tim said this should be good as well.
- Finally, we discussed the third iteration features.
  - We discussed that we have not had time to come up with a thorough list of third iteration features yet, but that it will likely include creating the functionality for checking into initiatives. Tim said this would probably be fine.

## Things Clarified

- Tim explained that he does not want us to work on this project over break if we do not want to, but that we can feel free to do some work.