# Mentor Meeting on 12/14/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/12/14/03:00

## Meeting End Time

2020/12/14/03:17

## Location/Medium

Google Meet

## Present

Tim, Casey, Clay, Matt, Riley, Jacob

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

This meeting to present our Iteration 2 software and documentation to our mentor. This is a summary of our discussion.

- First, we walked Tim through our software.
  - We showed Tim our new features, which are QR code scanning, and displaying Betterflye's initiatives from the sandbox API. We also explained how the API is called when logging in, and the returned initiatives are cached on the user's device, but the user can refresh the list if they want.
  - Tim asked exactly which initiatives are displayed, and we explained for right now we are displaying all the initiatives from the table. Tim suggested in the future we could display only those initiatives that are active, or the ones that are owned or managed by the signed-in user.
  - Tim also saw in the initiative container that we could display the organization name instead of the organization ID.
  - We asked Tim for his feedback for our app right now, and he said it looks good. Tim gave us a lot of suggestions for the next iteration, so his only real feedback for this iteration would be to not show the organization ID, but rather show the organization name.
- Next, we showed Tim our user documentation.
  - We showed Tim all of the new text and screenshots, and he said this looked good.
- Next, we explained that our development and deployment documentation have not really changed, so we just briefly walked through these.
  - Tim said these still look good.
- Next, we talked to Tim about our break plans.
  - Our team is still currently not enforcing any work be done over break. We told people they can if they want, but it is not required. Tim said this sounds fine.
- Finally, we talked to Tim about our third iteration features.
  - We did not have a finalized list yet, but we did have the general idea, so we further discussed this with him.
  - Tim said for functionality, focus on a manager checking people in to initiatives. This includes making new API's in order to accomplish this. We will the initiative page to only display the initiatives that the user created or manages. We will add an initiative shift page, along with a new profile page. Tim said this sounds good.

## Things Clarified

- Because Betterflye changes so frequently right now, Tim suggested we could show display a web view for certain screens that way the design is not always needing to be changed in the app.